= Rally Artifact Migration

Rally Artifact Migration utility.

== Installation Instructions

=== Mac OS X

* Install Xcode (for compiling SQLite3)
* From the command line type: sudo gem install ram-latest.gem --no-rdoc --no-ri

=== Ubuntu

* Install GCC (for compiling SQLite3)
* sudo apt-get install libsqlite3-dev
* sudo gem install ram-latest.gem --no-rdoc --no-ri

=== Windows

* Not sure about prereqs, but you need to be able to install SQLite3
* From the command line type: gem install ram-latest.gem --no-rdoc --no-ri

== Release Notes

=== Known Issues

* Custom fields that contain special characters are not migrated.
* Custom fields that have multiple capital letters in a row are not migrated.

=== 0.4.4
* [FEATURE] Changed the way the library is loads Ruby files.  Now uses 'require_all' instead of ActiveSupport.auto_load
* [FEATURE] Split Importer class into ImportProject, ImportArtifact and ImportAttachment

=== 0.4.3
* [FEATURE] Added support to update artifacts that have already been imported.  This is the first pass and is slow.  It takes just as long to run an update as it does to do the original update

=== 0.4.2
* [FEATURE] Changed default WSAPI from 1.28 to 1.29
* [FEATURE] Added support for new Attachment Upload endpoint
* [FEATURE] Added support to "reset" an import so that it could be done again.  Main use if for the demo environments.
* [BUG] Fixed issue where project imports do not respect the workspace config option

=== 0.4.1
* [FEATURE] Changed default WSAPI from 1.27 to 1.28
* [BUG] The attribute on Portfolio Items to designate type was changed to "Portfolio Item Type". RAM now uses the new attribute name.

=== 0.4.0
* [FEATURE] Added RPM support
* [FEATURE] Migrate Projects
* [FEATURE] Migrate User Permissions (not users)
* [FEATURE] Continue import on error if possible (new table that will list which artifacts were partially imported)
* [FEATURE] Renamed ArtifactMigration::TYPICAL_TYPES to ArtifactMigration::EE_TYPES
* [FEATURE] Renamed ArtifactMigration::VALID_TYPES to ArtifactMigration::UE_TYPES
* [FEATURE] Added :portfolio_item to ArtifactMigration::UE_TYPES
* [BUG] Fixed verification issue where source was used instead of target (Thx Barry and Dave)

=== 0.3.4

* [BUG] Fixed WebLink not handled properly during import
* [FEATURE] Enhanced Console output.  Progress bar for each phase.
* [FEATURE] Publish events (using Event Emitter pattern) for each phase.

=== 0.3.3

* [FEATURE] ConfigurationDefinition.map_username_by_csv added. Options are  :file, :from_column, :to_column.
* [FEATURE] ConfigurationDefinition.default_username added.  Allows a default user to be used if a user in the source workspace was not moved to the target workspace.
* [FEATURE] Debug log enabled by default in example config file.
* [BUG] Custom field mapping in ConfigurationDefintion was not working.
* [BUG] Ignore field in target configuration was not used.

=== 0.3.2

* [BUG] Dependency issue when Rails 2.x is installed

=== 0.3.1

* [BUG] Attachment import doesn't work if the user's Default Workspace is not set to the config's target workspace
* [BUG] Failed Attachment import is not detected.  Outputs success message

=== 0.3.0

* [FEATURE] Config option 'migrate_attachments' added
* [FEATURE] Export Attachments
* [FEATURE] Import Attachments

=== 0.2.2

* [BUG] RQM not detected
* [BUG] ArtifactMigration::Version string not used in X-RallyIntegration-Version header

=== 0.2.1

* [FEATURE] Uses X-RallyIntegration-* headers for integration tracking
* [BUG] Arrays serialized with to_s instead of to_json

=== 0.2.0

* [FEATURE] Added ability to migrate Test Sets

=== 0.1.0

Initial release.  Can migrate most types of artifacts from one project to another.


== Contributing to ram
 
* Email Colin (cobrien@rallydev.com)

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Rally Software. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

